>> Evan You: As mentioned,
if you're using REDUX functions,
we don't really need all of that.
We need to implement it ourselves.
And the url handling part is
largely the same as last time.
Window.location.hash slice1,
and we'll just copy this, and
update our app.url when
everything's changed.
And the [SOUND] midi part here is how
to figure out which component to use.
So lets write the router table so
we can obviously
just do this,
[SOUND] pretty straightforward.
So just so that it looks more
like a router table let's
make the key strings and,
what to do here is we still need
a root level div if we want to
render those links as well.
Inside the div the first thing we
want to return is the component,
essentially the router view that we
want to render for the current route.
And we have the current URL.
And we have the route table.
So let's just check if
the route table contains
a component that's matching
what we want here.
And if there's nothing there,
we can simply fall back to
the not found component.
So this completes the task of finding
the corresponding component out
of the route table and falling back to
the NotFound if there is nothing matched.
And we also need to have the two a links,
I believe.
[SOUND]
Foo.
>> Evan You: And copy it with it bar.
>> Evan You: So one thing you may notice,
if we run this,
>> Evan You: But notice
that there's no space between foo and
bar, unlike if you use templates.
This is because when
you use HTML templates,
it retains the white space between
your elements if there are new lines.
This is the same behavior as
if you're writing normal HTML,
but when you're using Reno functions,
there's no white space node
between the foo and bar.
So they're just close to each;
there's no white space in between.
So a lot of people are not used to this
when they switch to reno functions.
And you can either deal with this
with CSS, or if you want to,
you could just add an empty
space in between manually.
>> Evan You: So
this should make it look better.
>> Evan You: And it switches and
more importantly.
Let's go to some random URL and
it will show not found.